# blackjack
This game is fairly straight forward. When the game is loaded you are presented with a few buttons. The deal button is used to deal the cards. You will not be able to deal the cards until you place your bet. The bet buttons are in the bottom left corner of the screen. The buttons have an on long click listener that allows you to click and hole to change the increments from 5 to 10 to 25 to 50 and last to 100. This is to easily be able to increment or decrement your bet. Once you click a conter keeps track of what you would like to place as your bet.
 When you are satisfied with your bet you may place it by hitting deal. Some more buttons will become visible and the deal and bet buttons will be hidden. You are given two cards and the dealer is given two cards but with only one faceup. Your goal is to beat the dealer by either having a greater hand then the dealer that is less than or equal to 21, or by having the dealer get over 21. You may hit and recieve another card until you are satisfied with your total, and you bust and get over 21 in which case you will automatically lose. 
When the player clicks stay, they have a total that is now final and then the dealer handles their logic to receive their total. If the player wins they are paid their bet, if the dealer wins they lose their bet. If the player recieves blackjack they are paid 1.5 times their bet. The total is score by card values adding together, excpet face cards are worth 10, and an Ace is worth 11, unless having an Ace in your hand makes the hand total to be above 21, in which case the Ace changes its value to 1.
